meanwhile we'll make the mayonnaise if
you buy me Aeneas I'm gonna come round
via larder and take it out there's no
reason to buy it buy mayonnaise and you
sort of well but don't tell em that hmm
two egg yolks one whole egg juice of a
lemon Dijon mustard 1/2 teaspoon full
sugar salt and pepper
I'm gonna use some lemon zest on the top
just like lemony mayonnaise put the egg
yolks in first the whole egg salt and
pepper the Dijon mustard in the sugar
and the juice of half a lemon we found
that the best oil for mayonnaise it's a
simple vegetable oil throughout
sunflower oil add it very nicely his new
rush right that's the closest you want
look at that
it's kind of silky than Cleopatra is
gloss I'm just gonna finish off the
bitter lemon zest just to give it a
citrus flourish look at that there's a
perfect ball of mayonnaise for your
moulin frit you see it's a wobble not to
run that's what you're wanting that's
what makes a salad cream and not
mayonnaise no it doesn't that's what big
sit silently I wanna go up
meanwhile the chips steep cooking again
and the second cooking is about 180 190
degrees I'll look at them more golden
than the Greek sunset and crispy did you
hear that crisp the what do you think
that we've got to do now is this is the
creamer
okay
look at this home on newsela cram how
lovely is that what's a cream you know
what I was saying before give them a
good stir so all of them all of the leek
cook falls on the outside of the mousse
that's good because when they open open
it goes on the inside of the music scene
there's logic behind we madness
final finish some nice sea salt flakes
because remember there's no salt before
and some malt vinegar now this is where
the heat on the chips reacts with the
vinegar and knock your eyes out with
what's lovely by heck they look good
side
oh goody now let us begin
on it marriage made in heaven to Fred
and Ginger said Nancy did Nancy